Clara Esparza: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Clara Esparza: Good. Sorry, I was a little lengthy took a while to answer and then I was trying to park somewhere because I'm like in the middle of orders at work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's everything going this week.
Clara Esparza: Um, it's okay. I like cut my finger. I was going to show you. I had to get stitches.
Clara Esparza: Out. Yeah, I don't know if you can see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can pretty blue
Clara Esparza: Yes. Yeah, my fingers all purple. I was trying. I was dumb. I was like trying to cut
Clara Esparza: It was the day after our group to and that day I was like really emotional and stuff. And it was like 10 o'clock at night and I got up because I was hungry.
Clara Esparza: And I was trying to cut like a piece of cheese and I went to my room and I forgot.
Clara Esparza: A knife. So I was like, oh, I have like a little pocket knife that my father in law gave me so I took it out of my person decided to cut it in like apparently no one ever showed me how to use a knife, because I couldn't like towards my finger.
Clara Esparza: And literally like
Clara Esparza: Like the meat was hanging out in my finger and everything. It was disgusting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, gross.
Clara Esparza: So that was not a fun time at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you go that night.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I had to go because it was like bleeding everywhere like my my fingers. So my husband had to take me. Oh, that was fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So have you been doing
Clara Esparza: I'm better better now. Yeah.
Clara Esparza: Cosby days have been a little better, just trying to keep busy not think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about
Clara Esparza: Well, I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, cuz I'm gonna want you to bring it up. Yeah.
Clara Esparza: Yeah I don't know know just anything like try not to think about pills are doing you know about things or whatever. I mean, I cut my finger was like kind of like in pain and how to thought about, like, you know, maybe like wanting to get a pill, but I didn't. I didn't do any so
Clara Esparza: That's
Clara Esparza: Why we say stop myself this time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This time
Clara Esparza: Yeah, this time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Clara.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, boy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You heard about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to give yourself credit to because, you know, you keep trying keep trying to keep trying. You're not giving up your key, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that piece, too.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, that's true. I know.
Clara Esparza: I just get down on myself or we know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, maybe. But doesn't get you anywhere.
Clara Esparza: Now it does
Clara Esparza: I'm starting I'm starting to learn a little bit. So I think hopefully I'll be able to stay on the right track.
Clara Esparza: Glory, and if not law how trying and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. And that's all we can do, you know, I'm pretty much anything. You know what I mean. We take five steps forward. Sometimes we have to take two and three steps back to, you know, gain them gain momentum for the next time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just don't give up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
I want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Around you remember what happened.
Clara Esparza: Oh, I was like, Oh, I haven't talked to you. That's why I'm. No, I was just like,
Clara Esparza: I don't know. I had a lot of stuff going on. And then I had missed that one Friday group so
Clara Esparza: I was gonna pretend like I had enough like Suboxone to last through the weekend. So I called in and told them I wasn't going to get on that Friday Lou, isn't this last Friday the Friday before, right.
So I didn't get on group.
Clara Esparza: She had the virtual clinic asked me, What can you attend a meeting like, you know, sometime early next week at other groups, so he can send in your medication. And I was like,
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I think I can do Monday well come like it was, you know what, and to be honest the weekend wasn't even like I can't even pin it on something and tell us like
Clara Esparza: Something specific happened to set me off. I think it's like just a lot of everything and then me trying to like
Clara Esparza: Get. Um, what do you call it set on like the antidepressants and stuff and all that stuff. So I think it was just kind of like everything out one. So, then everything going on like in the world right now. And then I went home and I wasn't working. And then like I was just like,
Clara Esparza: I was okay, through the weekend and then come Monday I didn't end up getting on like the group that they wanted me to do the makeup group for I didn't get on
Clara Esparza: So I was still okay and I was like, no, you know, I'll be fine and kind of in my hand, which is like a bad idea.
Clara Esparza: I was like, I don't really feel like I need the Suboxone which is kind of just stupid. I don't even know why I thought like, I was like, oh, I don't need it. Like I could wait till Friday. Like, I literally thought I could wait till Friday. If I could do it.
Clara Esparza: So no, I couldn't wait till Friday and like
Clara Esparza: It was just everything at once. Me, My husband ended up getting in, like in a little argument. Nothing even like
Clara Esparza: Nothing major nothing even I don't even don't even remember what it was. It was like a tiny argument about something stupid and everyday thing like
Clara Esparza: In every day. Little bickering that we do. And like I just like, I don't know, I just wanted to buy pill so much goodbye pills like I didn't even it. That's kind of what scares me a little bit as I didn't even think twice about it.
Clara Esparza: Like the idea popped in my head and I went and I did that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the idea just didn't pop it into your head. So if you go back a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you had the idea. First off, when you had the thought that you didn't need this boxing and that you could do it on your own. That was a piece of it. So what you want to kind of really identifies when it started it because it starts here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so you want to. That's what you want to identify is when did those thoughts start changing in your head.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because when you can when you can identify that, then when they start coming again you'll be more hyper vigilant and know that that's what's happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that make sense.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, it does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, you know, it starts way before you ever use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just starts with a thought process. It starts with the emotions that we're going through, you know, maybe there were a couple nights that you didn't get good sleep or you weren't eating. You know, like you should have been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to really pay attention to all of those aspects, because that's what's going to help you identify
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: where it started.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's something to think about and work on
Clara Esparza: Okay, Ira
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. I mean, I can just buy what you just told me I can tell you I can trace it back, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why did, why did you miss group on Friday.
Clara Esparza: I'm that for it. Oh, that was what I was telling you guys this last Friday. Remember the okay so I missed it. That wasn't this Friday. That was the Friday before. Remember that Friday before that he had prescribed antidepressants.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Clara Esparza: So I didn't start those till Monday. So when I got to Friday. Again, I was like, on day five, and the pharmacist that told me like
Clara Esparza: She was like a major side effects that I hear a lot about on this medication. Does that give you like a really bad stomach ache for the first
Clara Esparza: Like week or two, but it'll go away. You just have to stick it through. Well, sure enough, I got like a horrible stomach ache, like, and I mean like
Clara Esparza: I was in the bathroom like Thursday night all freakin day
Clara Esparza: Like, and it had to have been not like I wasn't sick like it passed within a couple of days. I wasn't throwing up or anything. It was just, you know, using the bathroom like number two it would not stop and then like
Clara Esparza: I couldn't eat because they were just like, Pastor me right away and I was feeling like
Clara Esparza: nauseous. But I kept. I mean, I felt nauseous. But I kept telling myself about to throw up. So I would just like you know I just kept having to go to the bathroom. So on Friday. I was like,
Clara Esparza: I had slept with maybe an hour, like in the morning and I was, I can do, I literally was like I look like I'm on drugs because I had any
Clara Esparza: And I wasn't, I hadn't done anything at that point I was just like, oh my god, I cannot sleep at all. And during. That's why the next week. I did have, like,
Clara Esparza: A few more Suboxone to last that week I had some Suboxone to last me through the weekend because during that time was my stomach ache. It wasn't even taking the Suboxone for like two or three days.
Clara Esparza: Because everything was just like, freaking grossi me out. I was like, so sick. My mom was even like are you praying issue to buy me a pregnancy test. I was like, I'm not praying that like I am not praying it like I I knew it was the medication because they've done that to me before.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, so like, but finally like, it's okay. Now it lasted like a good week. And finally, it just like started coming down but that's why I had missed group.
Clara Esparza: Who was just bad. It was about a couple weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you just trace back exactly how it and when it started.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I guess so.
Clara Esparza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, it just, it just sucks it put me. It puts me down to because, you know, I was like, and it's the thing that okay like a few years ago.
Clara Esparza: I got an anti depressants. That was, I mean it was a choice. Still, but that was only because I ended up in the hospital.
Clara Esparza: And stuff like that. And this time I actually didn't even need to get to that point, I was like, I need help, you know, and I asked you guys
Clara Esparza: And then it just goes like, and I know it's so stupid of thinking about, like, I, I did that, I asked you guys for help. And then afterwards, I seem like it just like
Clara Esparza: Be like, you know, I don't know how to explain it feels like it just like it blows up in my face and then I have a bad stomachache. So that happens.
Clara Esparza: So then I couldn't get my soapbox and because of my bad stomachache. And then I had to miss group and like, then I MISSED THE APPOINTMENT WITH YOU, AND IT JUST KK just follow you kept going. It was like something just kept going wrong. I was like, I should have just left myself.
Clara Esparza: That's how I was like I should have just stayed like off of medication because that's when it started like
Clara Esparza: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actually, actually.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is when you really should have grabbed ahold of the people around you and said, You know, I'm not feeling well. I'm really in a, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Vulnerable state right now. Keep an eye on me. You know what I mean, reached out to people and and realize that when you do ADD medication on like that you have there are going to be some effects. So you knew it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here you knew that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I totally see how it can be how that could be the domino effect. I mean, it makes perfect sense when you play the tape backward and see step by step.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you never it's never a wrong choice to reach out you know for how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to not be attached to the outcome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Clara Esparza: Yeah.
Clara Esparza: That's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so now that you've got the some stuff underneath you. Is the antidepressant working
Clara Esparza: I mean,
Clara Esparza: I haven't really
Clara Esparza: I mean, I haven't really felt like a huge difference. But I mean, to be honest, like it's been
Clara Esparza: On maybe like on my going on my third week so maybe like I wouldn't feel it. Yeah, and I think that even if I even if it was kind of helping like I think I've been in like such a bad place lately. I wouldn't even notice. You know what I mean, because it's
Clara Esparza: So down either way lately just about life.
Clara Esparza: And before it wasn't just like stuff. It was a felt like nothing was happening, like I was doing. You know what I mean. I was just like before. I was actually just
Clara Esparza: Down for no reason. And I felt like I was doing good. Like even like work was doing going and then all of a sudden it was like
Clara Esparza: I couldn't get out of bed like I just, I didn't feel right, like in my head like I wanted to just like cry for every little thing even like my
Clara Esparza: You know what my anxiety. I've always had, like, I've always had bad anxiety, especially like when I'm outpaces I have like a lot of like
Clara Esparza: Social anxiety, I guess, but my anxiety to comes a lot from like my depression because like I'll realize that when I start getting really depressed. Like I feel like everybody's judging me and like everyone's looking at me and everyone can tell that I'm like sad and I'm not feeling right
Clara Esparza: So that's like
Clara Esparza: That's where it came in, where like I wasn't even sleeping right because like I would just like lay there and just like overthink if I tell myself stuff in my head so
Clara Esparza: That's kind of like that's what was going on there. But I mean, like right now like it could be helping, but I don't even notice the difference because it's been such a bad couple weeks, but hopefully when I get like back on track and like feeling better, you know, everything like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Global tell the difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What tell me some of the things that you tell that you tell yourself when you're in that negative headspace
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me where your where your thoughts go
Clara Esparza: Um,
Clara Esparza: I mean, kind of like when I said like, I feel a lot like I tell myself like I'm
Clara Esparza: I feel like everyone. And I guess it's because I don't like to show my depression. A lot. So I feel like everyone notices that like something's wrong with me. And then another thing is like I always tell myself a lot that like
Clara Esparza: When I tried to reach out to people or I tell my husband, or like my mom like, I'm feeling really depressed and stuff like there. They've always been super supportive like I've never gotten like a really bad like
Clara Esparza: You know reaction out of them. They've always told me, like, Oh, well, we're here to talk to you if you like. You need to be on medication like
Clara Esparza: That's not our choice like you. You do what you need to do like will go with you. But in my head I hear something different and I i hear like I'm booking
Clara Esparza: Do you know what I mean, like, I don't know why I like that. I feel like I'm bothering him like, why can't I just be like, normal which what's normal. I don't think anyone normal but like
Clara Esparza: That's what I
Clara Esparza: Call myself is, like, I feel like I'm not being normal. And like I don't want to bother people want like I'm I feel like I'm genuinely bothering them, but they just are being nice. And don't say it.
Clara Esparza: But then like when I'm okay. Like right now, like I know that's not the case. You know, like I know that's not it is, but when I'm in that state of mind. Like I feel like that's what it is like
Clara Esparza: I think that's the biggest thing is I tell myself a lot that I'm bothering people and
Clara Esparza: They shouldn't have to babysit me and then like the thing that you said is like reach out to people and tell them you like watching me like I'm not feeling good and stuff like that. Like I feel like they're going to get bothered like babysitting me or something.
Clara Esparza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a false lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Um, but it you know I I almost want to say it kind of ties into your self esteem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And not feeling, you know, worthy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, which
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is another falsity. You know what I mean. And when you value, who you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you learn to value yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And these types of things are important that you're able to do it. You know what I mean, they are able to say, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Normal people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what they do when they're not feeling okay and they're going through something they rely on on server people you know they're not server people with a lot. They rely on their, their support system to help them get through these things. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't always have to be 100% strong it's okay that you you know need somebody once in a while. There's nothing wrong with that. That's what makes us human.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, doesn't make us less than just makes us human, you know, and you know, really, you've got to start combating those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And telling yourself. You know what I mean, almost, you're almost going to create a war inside your thought process dating. No, that's not true. I do deserve to to get help. I do deserve to have, you know, help through this. I don't have to be alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll get through this. You know what I mean. And it's about combating that thought process so that you get out of that negative headspace
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you've got to, you've got to start feeding yourself. Good stuff, and began to start believing that you're worth that stuff you're worth somebody, you know, helping you through these things because Clara, you ARE
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, the thing you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're human.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And we, by nature, we need other people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just, you know, a fact of of human nature. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't mean that you're less than. But it's funny when you said normal people. And what is normal, like these days because really, honestly, what is normal.
Yeah.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And realizing that to that you're just as normal as the next person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a thought, you know what I mean. And that is the reality. The true reality of life. Nowadays, you know, nobody is better than you. Nobody is above you. You know what I mean. You have just as much right to be supported, when you're having a tough time as what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anybody does
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just that part. You know, you've got to change that thought process and believe that you are worth it. You do deserve these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And knowing when you start a new medication that you might have symptoms you might go through some kind of physical distress and preparing yourself for that as well, you know,
Clara Esparza: Especially since you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've had you've experienced it in the past. So, you know, you probably are going to have some kind of side effects, you know, and I'm pretty sure that you're not being on Suboxone for a couple days contributed to the bathroom breaks, you know,
Clara Esparza: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It definitely didn't help the situation, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all, because not only was your body trying to adjust to the antidepressant, but you're also detoxing off of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your subs.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I realized
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really funny because you've just tracked back what the leading cause was of this relapse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You identified not sleeping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You identified, you know, your be sick being in a vulnerable position, physically, which puts you in a vulnerable situation mentally and emotionally. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which allowed, which allowed for that negative thought process known as your addiction to to creep in and before you even know it. You know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's where the stop has to begin, not when when you know it happened before I even knew it before I even knew it, you know, I didn't even give it a second thought before I was buying pills. That's not where you got to, you know, pay attention to its way before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We ever started
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so you don't get to that point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very make sense.
Clara Esparza: It does. Yeah.
Clara Esparza: Makes a lot of sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're on your antidepressants. Now you're on your back on your subs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you're feeling better.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I mean, yeah, I'm feeling better and not 100% get there you
Clara Esparza: Know funky.
Clara Esparza: Percent but
Clara Esparza: Physically, yeah.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, physically, I feel good. Okay.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the first step. Right. And the second step is, you know, giving yourself permission to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel a little weird right now why your body's adjusting to this medication and it gets built up in your system to do the job that it's supposed to do, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and then something else that I want to bring up is that secrets. Keep us sick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you tell yourself that you don't want to bother you know your family members, you know, with your stuff or that you feel like you're a burden on them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's actually like a, it's a thinking error because the true reality of it is is is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet you they would rather support you through that time when you're feeling that then have it get 10 times worse. You know what I mean, and other things happen because you you didn't feel, you know, like you wanted to bother them. You know what I mean.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, no, that's true. I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're gonna work on asking for help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and being true to being true to who you are, you know, if you're not if you're not feeling okay there's nothing wrong with saying I'm not feeling okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you, does it make sense how your disease kind of creeped in when you started having those thoughts about being a burden on on your family and not wanting to let them know where you were at and what was really going on with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your addiction then is able to creep in.
Clara Esparza: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Add in. You know what I mean. And then the rest of the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guys know what to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when we're weak and when we're vulnerable and when we're going through things, emotionally, physically or mentally. That's when you know our addiction really comes to life and is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: can grab ahold easily if we don't have safeguards in place, you know,
Yeah.
Clara Esparza: When you yeah
Me.
Clara Esparza: Too. Oh, Max.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that your snack.
Clara Esparza: Yeah I don't I don't I don't normally eat out like fast food and stuff.
Clara Esparza: I've never been like a person to, you know, and I'm bringing up. Me too. I just bought traffic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, OK. Cool. That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna do this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just keep working on getting better.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, just do that and keep working. I mean, honestly. There's not really much to do, everything's kind of closed here.
Clara Esparza: Except stores but
Clara Esparza: Can't do the jam.
Clara Esparza: Nothing like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I was thinking about going back to the JAMA are like, well, that's not gonna happen.
Clara Esparza: Anytime soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you thought about online meeting.
Clara Esparza: No.
Clara Esparza: I have no
Clara Esparza: I mean, I could try it.
Clara Esparza: Is it like
Clara Esparza: Is it like this video, or is it just like chalk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can actually get engaged in one or the other or even phone by phone. So, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you go to virtual na is virtual in a.org I think they actually give you different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ways that you can engage in meetings. If you want to just listen for the first, you know, several times. See what it is about what's going on and get a feel of it, then you can just, you know, sign in and listen. You know what I mean.
Clara Esparza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He would it's about. There's also the one that another one that some other ladies that I work with are going to which is called women for recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To it and it's all women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, that might be another avenue, but you know, I'm going to encourage you to to really step outside the box a little bit and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially since so many things are limited. Right now, you know,
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it might help you get out of your head a little bit, you know, and give you another avenue of support that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you need when you're when you're feeling those thoughts of or those feelings of not wanting to burn your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, your family, it'll give you another avenue, you know,
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I could try that I'm doing.
Clara Esparza: That other counseling to with. It's a counselor. My therapist. She's I actually haven't seen her like in a couple years, but I've been seniors since I was abolished 15
Clara Esparza: So I've known her like almost 10 years and I stopped seeing here like these past couple years, but I have called her. I think I mentioned it on group I
Clara Esparza: Only had. It was really only because of like what's going on and everything she had some openings, because a lot of people start going rather than that she's usually fully booked. So I'm going to try to see her like every other week, just to do that. So there's another thing.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyway, any place that you can go that you said you trust the person and you're able to speak openly and freely about these thoughts that go on. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that takes it out of the secret of mode and your addiction cannot latch on to it. Once you get it out again secrets. Keep us sick, especially if we have you know we fight the disease of addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Secrets are horrible for us to hold on to.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
I know
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I know.
Clara Esparza: I know that, but I like to do that for some reason.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm hoping that getting you you getting back engaged with your therapist might help you work through that, you know, to where you you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're able to kind of step out of that way of thinking a little bit because that's not gonna, it's not going to do you any good. You know, it's not. And in, in early recovery that one of the hardest things to do is to pick up the phone, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got to learn how to be able to do that.
You know,
Clara Esparza: I mean, I'll try to learn
Clara Esparza: No promises.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, not actually for any promises just asked him for you to try. You know,
Clara Esparza: It will. I'll try.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're gonna check out maybe a couple meetings online and see what's available.
Clara Esparza: I try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. No, that's good.
Clara Esparza: I will leave. It's not that I don't want to, like, either. To be honest, like talking to you and talking to one person is okay with me, but even like the groups and stuff. It's a I'm barely getting like super comfortable there.
Clara Esparza: I don't know, it's just talking to, like so many
Clara Esparza: People I think just get a little like
Clara Esparza: More anxiety that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I can tell you that most people that first go into meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because of that same thing hate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it takes repetition to change it. You know what I mean, getting comfortable in your situation, it's gonna take some time. I mean, that's just the fact of it.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, you know,
Clara Esparza: I know like you've been our friday group I'm doing the getting comfortable with that.
Clara Esparza: Right, so I know I should give it a chance. But I'm stubborn.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, but just know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more that you do that now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The less uncomfortable. You're going to be when you really need it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know what I mean.
Clara Esparza: Yeah.
Makes sense.
It does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Alright, so I've given you some things to work on this week.
Clara Esparza: Okay.
Clara Esparza: OK, I will find them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you start seeing your windy windy don't see a therapist.
Clara Esparza: Well, I saw her.
Clara Esparza: Last week,
Clara Esparza: I saw her the Thursday before group and then so it's gonna be like every other week, so not this week next week.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and so we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can do check ins the alternate weeks that you're not seeing her
Clara Esparza: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just, you know, check in, see where you're at, to see how things are going. See what's working, what's not working, you know, and just really kind of hone in on that piece, while you're working with your therapist.
Clara Esparza: And I said, Okay, yeah.
Clara Esparza: When I was there and I was filling out the paperwork. I did but that I was like seeing you guys again. But you guys could like, you know, talk to her, but I don't really know how that works. I don't know if I have to sign something with you guys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you have to send something with bright heart. So when you when you call back into the virtual clinic, let them know that you need a release of information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they'll get her to okay
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And definitely, if we can kind of work together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you'll get the best outcome that there is, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Clara Esparza: Alrighty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You saw her last week. You didn't see her. This week, but you'll see her next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just got to put you on my schedule before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They put somebody else in and then I alright so you see her next week, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would be like the the seventh or eighth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you would see me for a check in.
Clara Esparza: Now, let me make sure you watch because I see her.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I actually see her Mondays. She's gonna do like mine.
Clara Esparza: Well, that's what she had available Monday for that week. So I see her MONDAY THE 30th. Yeah, so I could see you like the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth 10th something like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's get you. Let me see one this day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got here at three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so is three o'clock. A good time for you.
Clara Esparza: Yeah, I need time. I mean, I'm not. I don't have like a set schedule working. I can just like you know Park somewhere, even if I'm working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so let's do the eighth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At three o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, it'll just be, you know, a check in. I'll check in on yes you you know how you're doing.
Clara Esparza: That's for my time. Right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wait, I got you on Wednesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesday the eight
Clara Esparza: Yeah. When do they feel for what 333
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My time and then I put you in for two weeks later for another 15 minute check
Clara Esparza: Okay, like the 22nd.
Yeah.
Clara Esparza: Okay.
Okay.
Clara Esparza: All right, I got it written down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alrighty. Alright, Clara. I am gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let you go and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group. I'll
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: let the doctor know that you came to your session today. Okay.
Clara Esparza: Alrighty, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great weekend.
Clara Esparza: Okay, you too. Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Alex Gomez: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Alex Gomez: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. I'M BECCA
Alex Gomez: Hi, my name is Alex.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, Alex. Hi, how are you doing today.
Alex Gomez: I'm doing very well um
Alex Gomez: I don't know where to start. Um, I do need a refill um they scheduled me report tomorrow, so I do need to refill today, um,
Alex Gomez: I also wanted to talk about
Alex Gomez: The day I was arrested and what was going on with me today.
Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ahead.
Alex Gomez: Oh, I was having lots of visuals and
Alex Gomez: Um, the TV was like, it felt like it was talking straight to me.
Alex Gomez: That there's like famous actors on this show.
Alex Gomez: On the CW um it was super girl and like Superman or the flash and there's a lot of superheroes and in this in this episode that I was watching the day I was rested.
Alex Gomez: And so I just went for a bike ride to go clear my head because it was kind of it was scaring me.
Alex Gomez: So I went for a bike ride and then
Alex Gomez: To try to clear my head and everything from what was being said like directly to me from the TV. So I was trying to clear my head. I was doing tricks and stuff in the parking lot, you know, trying to clear my head and everything and then
Alex Gomez: For some reason, I don't know what got into me, but I threw my bike, I was carrying my bag on my back, and then I just threw it like on the barking everything and I walked in the hotel.
Alex Gomez: And I hopped on the computer and like I own the place, you know, and I was like okay well I'm still look on something online real quick and then all of a sudden the cops show up and I'm like,
Alex Gomez: Next thing I know, like they tell me to put my hands behind my back and I looked at him, I was like, What's going on, like, you're not supposed to be. I was like, Wait, what, and I didn't know what was going on. So then
Alex Gomez: They arrested me and then start pulling me towards the car.
Alex Gomez: And I must have blacked out because I don't remember anything after that.
Alex Gomez: I only remember
Alex Gomez: waking up in the morning.
Alex Gomez: And will then and then them letting me out of my cell and then me having to walk all the way home from jail so I don't even know what I was saying.
Alex Gomez: That I was having lots of visuals, while I was in the in myself.
Alex Gomez: There's like this, like this picture on my wall of like an outline
Alex Gomez: Of like it kind of looks like a Godzilla picture.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that
Alex Gomez: It's like it. It's on this our side of the wall, but it ended up showing up in my cell in my holding cell.
Alex Gomez: And I'm wondering like how is that possible.
Alex Gomez: Like it might. It might just
Alex Gomez: Seeing that are they just showing me that picture to make me feel more comfortable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With any mental health diagnosis.
Alex Gomez: Was that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any mental health diagnosis.
Alex Gomez: I have depression I suffer from anxiety and that's separate from curable bowel syndrome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you tell Dr. Davidson about your
Alex Gomez: Visual well my hat.
Alex Gomez: I haven't told her that I'm specifically
Alex Gomez: In group with other people, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Alex Gomez: I feel more comfortable telling just one person instead of a bunch of people is
Understandable. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Only time that you've had the visuals, as it happened before.
Alex Gomez: It's happened before. And then sometimes like because I smoke a lot of we just like Comic Con my anxiety down everything and make me feel like let me help.
Alex Gomez: But, um, sometimes it feels like my third eye opens and it sounds
Alex Gomez: Kind of sounds like a buzzing sound.
Alex Gomez: Like
Alex Gomez: Like a machine, kind of like, it's like kind of like a digital sound.
Alex Gomez: Mm hmm. And I can hear that. And then like I feel it all over my body.
Alex Gomez: And then I hear that sound and then it just like it wakes me up, like, to the point to where I'm scared.
Alex Gomez: And I don't know. I don't know how to take that feeling because I've never felt. I've never felt like that before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did it start
Alex Gomez: Um, it started probably the day I got released from jail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how much marijuana do smoke.
Alex Gomez: I smoke as much as possible. I mean, I'll I can't afford it. So, I mean, I
Alex Gomez: Have like some shake and stuff. It doesn't really give me a high, but I try to smoke as much as possible. Just like keep me calm and so I'd be able to have an appetite me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
Alex Gomez: I do, I do suffer from
Alex Gomez: Addiction to methamphetamines because I was using methamphetamine since I was 12 years old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Alex Gomez: So I should have been dead by now.
Alex Gomez: And and I'm just scared that if I if I go back to that drug that I'll have, I'll start hallucinating again and start seeing these visuals and circling really afraid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you haven't used any any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No man men were
Alex Gomez: Not since before I got arrested. That was the last time I use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is last last time.
Alex Gomez: Yeah, it was about a month ago, about a month.
Alex Gomez: Month and a week ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you haven't used any math.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This week, no.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm gonna give this information to Dr. Jamison so that she is aware of these things that are going on with you. You know, it's important that she does where. Okay, where do you get your we your marijuana from
Alex Gomez: Um, well i i tried ordering it online, but they cut me off because I ordered some online. But for some reason, I couldn't get my money out from my debit card.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Alex Gomez: Cuz I'm collecting unemployment right now. So he ended up coming by and I didn't, I didn't have the money. So my mom said maybe next time. So they cut me off.
Alex Gomez: From the online website. So I can't work anymore. There was no online. So I pretty much have to ask people that I know like around town, there's any way in any way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, and keep in mind that not knowing where the sources, not knowing where it comes from.
Alex Gomez: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can we be vulnerable to have things in there that you aren't anticipating to have it you know in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So there's that piece.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you want to pay attention to that and be careful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you don't know you just, you don't know whose hands it passed through. I mean, it's like that too, with the dispensary but they definitely have more regulations than just, you know, the old fashioned way of of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, getting marijuana and with the with the dispensaries and stuff. You just, you don't know. You know when you're getting it from friends. What's
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Alex Gomez: The process that they go through and
Alex Gomez: So yeah, I'm very cautious about this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know marijuana it there's certain strains of marijuana that do have, you know, a hallucinogenic property to it. So there's that piece to have you thought about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not smoking weed for a couple days to see if they go away.
Alex Gomez: I'm, um,
Alex Gomez: I mean,
Alex Gomez: The way that I'm smoking right now is like pretty much like just like smoking cigarette. It gives me a little bit.
Alex Gomez: But it doesn't give me where I where I need to be like, you know, like
Alex Gomez: I like to be stoned to the point where I could just lay and relax and not worry about this. We're just like it just gives me a little bit of buzz, but it just, it makes me want to search for more weeks it's not it's not very good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you thought about talking to Dr. Jamison about giving you something for anxiety that
Alex Gomez: They've given me hydroxide Zane and
Alex Gomez: You have a pittance, but my mom doesn't like me take down a bit because her patient used to take everything and it's shut down his kidneys. So
Alex Gomez: Um, they they prescribed me three times a day. I think it's the 300 milligrams and it still wasn't even worth one, I would have to take like a fistful of the gap and just for me to relax.
Alex Gomez: And I dressed up. Yeah.
Alex Gomez: Yeah, the hydrazine, the fish a prescribed me
Alex Gomez: Three to four times a day, and it still doesn't help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, yeah, let me give Dr. Jamison Miss information, you know, definitely. So that she knows. And so the last time that you had these visuals was a month ago.
Alex Gomez: Yes. And when I went to jail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it was right at the time, the day before you went to jail you did some math.
Alex Gomez: Yes, but I did sleep at night, but I was still kind of it was still in my system so still kind of doing it.
Alex Gomez: But I was just like blown away at how that that picture is kind of like the outline of Godzilla.
Alex Gomez: And underneath this white wall is the green
Alex Gomez: A green coat of paint. And that same picture that was on my wall right here showed up in my cell. And it's not on my wall anymore.
Alex Gomez: So someone must have came in and rubbed on my wall.
Alex Gomez: And then rub them on myself.
Alex Gomez: And had that picture like put up there.
Alex Gomez: For some reason to like make me feel calm or something or make people comfortable because it's in my room so I do feel comfortable in my room.
Alex Gomez: But I was just like blown away about, like, I bet you anything. If I went back to that cell that picture what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you think that you might have mentally put it there.
Alex Gomez: I have no idea, but it was there all night. And then there was writing. I was, I was looking all over the cell is writing on the on the ground. There's a heart. And then there's like famous people's names on the walls.
Alex Gomez: From the episode, I was watching. I forget their names, but they were famous people's names and
Alex Gomez: I was just really delusional that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and that's what it sounds like. And it could it be a direct result of the method you use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. That's definitely a piece of Matthews is the paranoia, you know the the visual
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Message psychosis, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so if it continues and you're not using math, then you know definitely then what I would think is being referred to a psychiatrist for for further mental health evaluation, you know,
Alex Gomez: Yeah, that's what my psychiatrist said I have seen one on Friday, and she said all doctors aren't psychiatrists and whatever. And she's like, she's nice like high stress.
Alex Gomez: So she's like, You need to go see psychiatrists on a regular basis for this problem because she pretty much been helped me, she said as she can help me and she had to leave early so that that made me feel like she can help me at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she was a psychiatrist.
Alex Gomez: Yeah, I have her card was her name.
Alex Gomez: So we're here by the cleaner. The valley is playing next to the hospital.
Alex Gomez: Or her name is Carol J Hanson psycho psycho therapist.
Alex Gomez: Yeah.
Alex Gomez: Yeah, her number and everything's
Alex Gomez: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, she's a Licensed Marriage and family therapist is where she is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, so she's not a psychiatrist. So she couldn't diagnose you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because she's a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist, you actually want a psychiatrist or even even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr. Jamison, can you know definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help you with the mental health aspect.
Alex Gomez: And I, and I quit taking my image depression medicine because it just, it just wasn't making me feel
Alex Gomez: Like when I was working at all.
Alex Gomez: Um, I quit taking him in a long time ago, like maybe like
Alex Gomez: Four months ago.
Alex Gomez: But I'm still really kind of depressed and I can't get out of this funk.
Alex Gomez: I just feel like I'm not, I don't feel like I'm a free so like, you know, I can move freely. I feel like I'm just like, stuck in one spot, all the time, and it makes me feel trapped
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So again, that's something that, you know, Dr. Jamison is, is your doctor. Your prescribing doctor so she would be the one that be able to, you know, help you. Is she the one that prescribed you that your antidepressants.
Alex Gomez: Know clinical a was
Alex Gomez: Um, so I probably would have to talk to them because their clinic, ladies. And when I go in there and physically talk to them and they and they check me on everything. I'm Dr. Jamison just the one that surprised me. My opiate medication. The Suboxone there's causes absolved
Alex Gomez: From Suboxone so I only see here for for this problem.
Alex Gomez: But I wouldn't like to get awesome different antidepressants, because just, I just don't know how to deal with this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to talk to the people that gave it to you before and meet with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna have to make
Alex Gomez: Another appointment. Yeah, because just like I've been off my energy presence for so long. I just don't know. What do I mean I've taken pretty much every brand that they own that me
The
Alex Gomez: Name of one of them that they used to give me it seemed to help because then I was taking that and I was completely sober. I quit smoking weed.
Alex Gomez: I'm, um, and quit doing drugs and everything. And I was completely sober for like up to like five months was the longest time I was sober and that was the first time. My wife left me. My ex wife.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When are you going to make an appointment with them.
Alex Gomez: Um today. Oh, I'll make another point today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and ask them if they have a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Somebody that can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Evaluate you you for mental health, such as a psychiatrist or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nurse a psych nurse practitioner somebody that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: has the capability to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, diagnose your mental health and determine whether or not your visuals are a piece of your Matthews, or whether it's something else. And somebody at the same time, there'll be somebody that can monitor your depression medication and alter it or up it lower it whatever you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you want somebody that's gonna help you with depression somebody that can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Evaluate you and diagnose you as far as mental health goes for for your visuals, because when I first hear when I hear that because you haven't continually had any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would associate that with your Matthews. Yeah, the visuals. You know what I mean. And, and maybe that's it. Maybe that's all it was.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, I am a, you know, masters level substance abuse counselor and I don't have the qualifications to I, you know, to diagnose you as far as that kind of stuff goes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But definitely, that's the kind of person that you want to see. All right. Yeah. And so you're going to call them, you're going to see if they have that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Somebody that can diagnose you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Assess you assess your mental health and and help you with your depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we'll be able to determine, you know, you'll be able to determine off of that. But again, you have to have those certain time off of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A math. You have any free and clear math. Right, right. You have to tell them about your marijuana usage and you know that you're on subs. I'm in anything else that you're on so that they can determine whether or not you're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whether or not they're able to assess you with those in your system that makes sense.
Alex Gomez: Yeah, and I tried to talk to another place that over there by the clinic. I'm just to go talk to somebody about my problems and they ended up blocking me in there.
Alex Gomez: Or a 24 hour lockdown. And they labeled me once
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're ready to commit suicide.
Alex Gomez: No, I just wanted to talk to somebody
Alex Gomez: And all night. All they did was just locked me in that place and sit me in front of the TV and asked me if I was hungry.
Alex Gomez: And I was like, No, I just want to talk to somebody and then my mom ended up leaving and just left me there all night and I was just like, freaking out.
Alex Gomez: I was like, You guys aren't even helped me. You guys are just sitting in front of the TV like guys aren't even talking like
Alex Gomez: There's other people in there that were saying, you know, for math using coming down off of drugs and everything. So they're they're withdrawing in there too. So I was just like, I just wanted someone to talk to you and me walking in every night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They want to do. You were detoxing
Alex Gomez: I'm
Alex Gomez: Not necessarily. I was more depressed and scared.
Alex Gomez: Okay, but
Alex Gomez: There was no one there to like talk to me about was
Alex Gomez: That made me more and made me feel more alone in my own. Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can understand what how that would make you feel that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I can also understand if they felt that, you know, lead, letting you go my causing more harm than good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just holding you for that for you know that 24 hours was in your best interest you know maybe that's why they did it. I don't know. I'm not them. I can't read their mind, but that would make sense to me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely kind of a safety factor, you know,
Alex Gomez: So are you going to be able to prescribe me any medication or my my regular Suboxone or am I gonna have to wait till tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I what I'm gonna do is I'm going to text. Dr. Jamison right now and let her know that you were here and that you do need a refill.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to kind of give her a gist of what you and I just discussed and talked about and I want to set up another appointment with you to to check in with you, is that alright with you, Alex.
Alex Gomez: That's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have somebody that you can continually talk to while you're working with right heart.
Alex Gomez: Yes clinic life.
Alex Gomez: Okay, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, alright, so give me one second. Let me pull it up. They pull up my schedule and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll get you in there.
Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This phone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about one o'clock on next Thursday.
Alex Gomez: Next Thursday.
Okay, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, hold on.
And is it the same
Alex Gomez: Or should I just check in with right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's all you gotta do is go back to virtual clinic and check in with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then they'll send they'll give you my meeting ID and generally that changes. So that's why you got to check in with them.
Alex Gomez: Okay.
Okay, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'll be your go to person will do wellness checks while you're going through this process. Okay, all right. Does that sound good.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will hold on, I got a bunch of things and I will reach out to Dr. Jamison as soon as I get off with you and let her know adjust of what's going on in that you need a refill so she can get that in as soon as possible. Okay, okay, sounds like a plan.
Alex Gomez: Yes. Yes, ma'am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're going to call that place.
Alex Gomez: Yes, I'm gonna cook.
Alex Gomez: As we're done here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you do that, let me get in touch with Dr. Jamison, so she can get your meds in because it's already for 14 okay and you're scheduled for next week that 31st.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At one o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you and I will will spend an hour and we'll get to know one another. All right.
Alex Gomez: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds great. Sounds like a plan.
Alex Gomez: Yes, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Alex. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make that funnel and I will
Alex Gomez: Thank you very much. Okay, bye.